[EN/RU] Update `Twitter` (#5573)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Twitter/en.md

# Twitter

osu! has several Twitter accounts, each serving specific purposes. Most are very low traffic but will help to keep you informed outside of the osu! ecosystem.

## Service

| Avatar | Handle | Description |
| :-: | :-: | :-- |

> | ![osu!status avatar](img/osustatus.jpg) | [@osustatus](https://twitter.com/osustatus) | Low-traffic notifications of issues with the web site and [Bancho](/wiki/Bancho_(server)). |

Reviewer: as used everywhere else

```suggestion
| ![osu!status avatar](img/osustatus.jpg) | [@osustatus](https://twitter.com/osustatus) | Low-traffic notifications of issues with the website and [Bancho](/wiki/Bancho_(server)). |
```

| ![osu! support avatar](img/osusupport.jpg) | [@osusupport](https://twitter.com/osusupport) | Help with account and/or community issues. Run by the [account support team](/wiki/People/The_Team/Account_support_team). |

## Community

| Avatar | Handle | Description |
| :-: | :-: | :-- |
| ![osu! avatar](img/osugame.jpg) | [@osugame](https://twitter.com/osugame) | The official source of news and announcements. |
| ![BanchoBoat avatar](img/banchoboat.jpg) | [@banchoboat](https://twitter.com/banchoboat) | Comedy relief when things go wrong. |

> | ![NAT avatar](img/osu_nat.png) | [@osu_nat](https://twitter.com/osu_nat) | News, announcements, and short community surveys by [NAT](/wiki/People/The_Team/Nomination_Assessment_Team). |

Reviewer: needs definite article

```suggestion
| ![NAT avatar](img/osu_nat.png) | [@osu_nat](https://twitter.com/osu_nat) | News, announcements, and short community surveys by the [NAT](/wiki/People/The_Team/Nomination_Assessment_Team). |
```
